http://www.end-time.com::end-time.com blog end-time.com blog home about archives 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2013-2016 2009-2012 contact us july 2022 bible prophecy outlook this is the laodicean age 07/17/22 all across the globe, women are feeling liberated. for some mysterious reason they feel compelled to have the authority to destroy the life god creates within them when they have sexual relations with a man. as horrific a thought as it may sound to some, it only proves, when one looks through the eyes of bible prophecy, that the bible is indeed the word of god. the scriptures have laid out how the people will act right before the rapture and beyond—and the people are fulfilling these prophecies. regarding abortion, since this is the month of america′s birthday, it seems appropriate to inquire what the founding fathers thought on the topic of abortion. abortion is not a modern idea. in 1828, noah webster defined abortion as, “the act of miscarrying, or producing young before the natural time, or before the fetus is perfectly formed”. many people are surprised to learn that the founders were well aware of abortion practices. truth is, the bible speaks on the issue and the founders were students of the bible. back before the founding of america, abortion was a well established wrong, which translated into being a crime under the “common law”. (the common law can be defined as the basis of law in civilized nations, and yes, was influenced by the word of god.) america′s founders purposely set forth, in the declaration of independence, the ideas of truths they thought, were self‐evident. that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. and to secure those rights, governments were to be instituted. james wilson was an original supreme court justice, law teacher, signer of both the declaration of independence and the u.s. constitution. he taught his law students that, “…human life, from its commencement to its close, is protected by the common law. in the contemplations of law, life begins when the infant is first able to stir in the womb. by the law, {that} life is protected.” or, at least it use to be protected. moving through the eras, by the time of the 1953‐69 supreme court sessions, under the leadership of chief justice, earl warren, their ideas had changed from the original intent. chief justice warren felt the constitution, “must draw its meaning from the evolving standards of decency that mark the progress of a maturing society”. unfortunately, a maturing society does not always lend itself to anything moral or decent, when that society is not influenced by biblical standards. it was under this court that abortion in america was made legal—striking down anti‐abortion laws in 46 states. at that time, the will of the people did not favor abortion. looking back, did the warren court ruling make a positive impact? the state of arkansas did some experimenting regarding the success of the teachings of planned parenthood. just in case you are not familiar with the organization, this is the direct vehicle the u.s. government uses to fund and preform abortions. fact is, according to human life international, the u.s. government donates some 38% of planned parenthoods income—that equates to $1.7 million dollars a day. since it is illegal for the u.s. government to fund abortions directly, they just donate the money to the largest provider of abortions in the nation. planned parenthood, which preforms other health services for women, can then use the money as they see fit. documenting the success of promoting planned parenthood′s style of sex education, the educators in arkansas found that it worked contrary to what they were trying to achieve. arkansas′ teen birth rate remained high, and teenagers were among those most likely to have an abortion. however, when public officials switched strategies and promoted abstinence—based sex‐education (the biblical stance) in public schools, from 1997 to 2003, the teen abortion rate fell by approximately 37%, and the teen birth rate fell by 16%. so what is all the hoopla really about? are women really nasty and just want to kill and destroy? the issue really lies in this—the battle inside of them. god′s ways versus a persons′ desire to do what is right in their own eyes—for their own convenience. you have probably seen the signs, “my body, my life, my choice (or my rules)”. this definitely falls into the laodicean church class. what does laodicean mean? it means human rights, or, the rights of the people. yes, the church is lukewarm, but worse, it is governed by the will of the people, rather than the word of god. take, for example, the abortion activist last month that stripped to their underwear in a church service at joel osteen's church in texas chanting, “my body, my life, my choice”. they were applauded by the congregation for their actions, (or for their stance). this is a totally different reaction than one would expect from those who profess to follow christ. instead of shame and a fear of god attitude for the sinful outburst that was preformed in what should be the very holiest part of a church—they, the congregation, applauded the disturbance. one excuse abortionist use to condone abortion is that a women's health care will suffer from not being able to get an abortion. the scientific evidence is clear—abortions are not a healthy alternative—they never have been. contrary to those organizations who promote abortion, the procedures required to obtain the abortions cause potential hazards to the women. according to late‐term abortionist dr. warren hern “it is a commonly held view that complications are inevitable.” those complications include infertility, if you desire to have a family in the future, breast cancer and death among other issues. check out this link for more in‐dept information. however, globalist are insistent that abortions are an essential component of women′s health care. but why if so many negative complications can happen? let′s not forget, abortions are big business. with an estimated 63.6 million+ abortions preformed between 1973‐2020 in america alone, where have all the aborted baby parts gone? do they just throw them in the trash or flush them down the toilet? there has been well documented video and recorded conversations between doctors, co‐workers, lab buyers, even heads of varying planned parenthoods, giving evidence that these aborted body parts are sold. some even want them alive. check out this video if you have the stomach for it. once the true church of jesus christ has been taken out of the way, the religious institutions and people of the world will unite under the umbrella of a one world religion—the bible refers to it as, the great whore. this will not resemble any christian religion you may be familiar with, although the leaders will portray themselves to be christ‐like. you can read more in revelation chapter 17, 18. also, check out this link. the city where this religion is based has a sea port where the church and the merchants will be made rich. they will sell and trade many items including slaves and souls of men. some translate souls of men as human lives or bodies. by using the term “souls” of men, it would give the impression these are not cadavers—but are living and breathing. the tribulation is not going to be a pleasant time on the earth. no matter how many previsions you have presently made—you will not go through the tribulation with ease. because of sin, this world is going to be judged. your only hope is to surrender your life to jesus christ. perhaps you have made that commitment years ago, but no longer walk the walk—neither is your conversation something of a holy nature. please understand, salvation is not something you have because you made a commitment to jesus at one time. you can loose your salvation if you turn from god and his word. yes, you must be reading and obeying the gospel—you can not live life according to the way you think you should live it. remember the events of the rich man and the beggar lazarus from the book of john? the rich man died and was sent to hell. in hell he saw abraham afar off, and lazarus in his bosom. after a conversation with abraham the rich man begged abraham to send lazarus to his family, but abraham replied, “they have moses and the prophets; let them hear them.” he was telling the rich man they have the torah (the bible)—that was all they would need. when is the last time you read your bible? now is not the time to play with god. god is greatly to be feared‐ps 89:7. repent and change your ways, turn to god with all your heart. you have an idea of what is right and wrong. if that idea does not line up with god′s word, you will hear the words, “i never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity”‐mt 7:23. sources: archives.gov; wallbuilders.com; hli.org; liveaction.org; all.org; breitbart.com; familycouncil.org; hli.org-shocking undercover videos; hli.org-risks of abortion; david barton, brad cummings & lance wubbels. “the founding fathers, abortion, and the inalienable right to life”, p 906. “the remedy for restoration: righteous judges”, p. 1022. “inseparably linked: the declaration of independence and the constitution”, p. 1243. in, the founders' bible: the origin of the dream of freedom. newbury park, ca: shiloah road publishers, llc, 2012. thefoundersbible.com. kresge, ted. “details about rome's commerce and riches.” in, the encyclopedia of bible prophecy (the latter days) vol 1, p 346 section 923-4g-3. st petersburg, florida: the gospel truth of st petersburg, inc, 1998. kresge, ted. “the revelation chapters 15 to 19:5.” in, the encyclopedia of bible prophecy (the latter days) vol 2, p 688 part 5a-7. st petersburg, florida: the gospel truth of st petersburg, inc, 1998. photo design: end-time.com. home february march april may
