https://www.tutorialspoint.com/kotlin/index.htm::kotlin tutorial ? home jobs tools coding ground current affairs upsc notes online tutors whiteboard tutorix login categories academic tutorials big data & analytics computer programming computer science databases devops digital marketing engineering tutorials exams syllabus famous monuments gate exams tutorials latest technologies machine learning mainframe development management tutorials mathematics tutorials microsoft technologies misc tutorials mobile development java technologies python technologies sap tutorials programming scripts selected reading software quality soft skills telecom tutorials upsc ias exams web development sports tutorials xml technologies multi-language interview questions q/a library ebooks courses kotlin tutorial kotlin - home kotlin - overview kotlin - environment setup kotlin - architecture kotlin - basic syntax kotlin - comments kotlin - keywords kotlin - variables kotlin - data types kotlin - operators kotlin - booleans kotlin - strings kotlin - arrays kotlin - ranges kotlin - functions kotlin control flow kotlin - control flow kotlin - if...else expression kotlin - when expression kotlin - for loop kotlin - while loop kotlin - break and continue kotlin collections kotlin - collections kotlin - lists kotlin - sets kotlin - maps kotlin objects and classes kotlin - class and objects kotlin - constructors kotlin - inheritance kotlin - interface kotlin - visibility control kotlin - extension kotlin - data classes kotlin - sealed class kotlin - generics kotlin - delegation kotlin - destructuring declarations kotlin - exception handling kotlin useful resources kotlin - quick guide kotlin - useful resources kotlin - discussion selected reading upsc ias exams notes developer's best practices questions and answers effective resume writing hr interview questions computer glossary who is who kotlin tutorial pdf version video courses quick guide resources job search kotlin is a programming language introduced by jetbrains in 2011, the official designer of the most intelligent java ide, named intellij idea. this is a strongly statically typed general-purpose programming language that runs on jvm. in 2017, google announced kotlin is an official language for android development. kotlin is an open source programming language that combines object-oriented programming and functional features into a unique platform. the content is divided into various chapters that contain related topics with simple and useful examples. kotlin is a modern programming language that makes developers happier. kotlin is easy to pick up, so you can create powerful applications immediately. kotlin jobs kotlin is very high in demand and all major companies are moving towards kotlin to develop their web and mobile applications. average annual salary for a kotlin developer is around $130,000. though it can vary depending on the location. following are the great companies who are using kotlin: google amazon netflix pinterest uber trello coursera basecamp corda jetbrains many more... so, you could be the next potential employee for any of these major companies. we have develop a great learning material for kotlin which will help you to prepare for the technical interviews and certification exams based on kotlin. so, start learning kotlin using our simple and effective tutorial anywhere and anytime absolutely at your pace. kotlin online compiler we have provided kotlin online compiler which helps you to edit and execute the code using our intuitive editor directly from your browser. try to click the icon to run the following kotlin code to print conventional "hello, world!". try to change the value of string variable and run it again to verify the result. 
fun main() {
   var string: string  = "hello, world!"  // defining a variable
   println("$string")
}
 quizzes & assignments this kotlin tutorial helps you prepare for technical interviews and certification exams. we have provided various quizzes and assignments to check your learning level. given quizzes have multiple choice type of questions and their answers with short explanation. following is a sample quiz, try to attempt any of the given answers: show answer q 1 - kotlin has been developed based on the following programming language? a - python b - scala c - java d - none of the above answer : c explanation kotlin is 100% compatible with java. audience of kotlin this tutorial has been prepared for the beginners to help them understand the basics of kotlin programming language. after completing this tutorial, you will find yourself at a moderate level of expertise in kotlin, from where you can take yourself to the next levels. prerequisites to learn kotlin before proceeding with this tutorial you should have a basic understanding of java programming language. although it is a beginners tutorial, we assume that the readers have a reasonable exposure to any programming environment and knowledge of basic concepts such as variables, commands, syntax, etc. we strongly recommend that you gain some basic knowledge of java programming language before proceeding with kotlin programming. kotlin courses and ebooks we have got a great collection of self paced courses and ebooks to learn kotlin in easy and effective way. you can check these courses at kotlin courses and ebooks kotlin questions & answers you can explore a set of kotlin questions and answers at kotlin questions & answers enjoy your learning with us. previous page print page next page advertisements print add notes bookmark this page report error suggestions save close dashboard logout about us refund policy terms of use privacy policy faq's contact ? copyright 2021. all rights reserved.
